1. What's the company's name?
Best American Inc.
2. How many locations do they have?
1
3. How many employees comprise the entire organization?
8
4. Provide the logic you used to estimate the total number of employees.
1 Managers for each store, 1 Floor Managers, 2 Cashiers at each store, 3 Filling personnel, and a Security guard
total 8.
5. What do they sell or how do they generate revenue?
A depratmental store which sells products of daily use on a discounted price, mostly everything just like a Rite Aid or a CVS.
6. Give an estimate of their gross annual revenue.
The daily average is around $8000 since on the weekends sale goes up to 15k and on the week days it could go as low as 3k. so 8k times 30 is $240,000 and this gross total times 12 is $2,880,000 which is the ANNUAL INCOME.
7. Every company has some notion of a transaction, i.e. some set of operations that constitute the
accomplishment of an objective or task in a software system. Examples of such transactions that drive a
company's business operations are the sale of a retail item, an event ticket sale, a trouble ticket for technical
support, a service of some kind like a trip by taxi or a lesson, a book loan, etc. This notion of transaction will
permeate your design project, so clarify how it applies to your company. What are the information system
transactions that drive your company's operations?
This store has Cash transaction option, Credit/Debit/Gift card Transaction option and also an EBT transaction option.
8. How many of each type of transaction occurs per day?
50% of the transactions are based on Credit/Debit/Gift Card method
40% of the transactions are Cash
10% of the transactions are based on EBT cards.
9. Provide the logic behind your estimate of the number of transactions.
Cash and Credit transactions vary over the observation of every month but EBT stays the same since only low income households of the neigborhood, who always shop here. 
10. What is the throughput of your system in bytes per second?
11. Provide the logic behind your estimate of throughput.
12. A client is someone who seeks your company's services. You are in business to serve your clients. Identify
who the clients are of your company's business?
13. A supplier is a person or organization that your company relies on to do business. Who are your company's
suppliers? 
