

28. Estimate the technical feasibility of
the proposed system.


Since we are not proposing a very huge system, and it is only
for one chain of departmental stores, we will hire a tech specialist who will
always be there for the live support for any technical issues. Most of those
problems would be able to resolved over the phone and he will be able to update
and take the glitches out from his/her office.

 

 

29. Estimate the operational feasibility of
the proposed system.

 

The workers of different store are going to get the training to
operate this software easily, it would be a new thing so it will take time to
get used to but with time they definitely will get used to it. The system is
designed in a way that most of the data won’t need a lot of human interaction.
An example of this would be the time user wants to set for the pickup and the
amount of items we have in stock. Operations like these would be updated
automatically so the employees will get to see what time someone is coming and the
shortage of items in the store.

 



30. Estimate the economic feasibility of
the proposed system.


The economic aspect of this would be pretty interesting, for a
small chain, it might look a lot of investment but the fact is with
advertisement and the customer satisfaction, the stores would be able to
attract a lot of new customers who need pickups on the go. This will help this
business making more profit and expand this to more and more locations.

 
 

31. Estimate the schedule feasibility of
the proposed system.


We have decided that this project should get done in six months
maximum. This is a very decent time to adapt changes meanwhile, plus to
introduce and advertise it so we will be having people waiting for it already
beforehand. And if the project finishes before time, it will be a surprise for
our customers.

 

 

32. Do these feasibility estimates describe a system which corresponds to that
described in the scope definition?

Yes! they
do, we are going very strict on budgets and deadlines. So we will not be delayed
and over the budget and quality of the service would be again the first
priority.

